Skip to content
Search or jump to…
Pull requests
Issues
Codespaces
Marketplace
Explore
 
@nikhil-github 
gandhivardhineedi
/
NamasteReact
Public
Code
Issues
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
Security
Insights
NamasteReact/Assignment_2 Igniting my React App/Theory.txt
@gandhivardhineedi
gandhivardhineedi Assignment-02 Igniting My React App Theory
Latest commit 14f4d1d 8 hours ago
 History
 1 contributor
116 lines (81 sloc)  5.89 KB

Throey assignment:
Chapter -02 Igniting My React APP

1) What is NPM?

ans. npm is a worlds largest software registry, where the developers from different parts of the world can share or borrow packages
using npm.
npm can be defined in two ways:
1) It is a online repository for publishing of open-source Node.js projects.
2) It is a command-line utility for interacting with repository that aids in package installation, version management and dependancy
management.

2) What is 'Parcel/webpack'? why do we need it?

ans. Parcel/Webpack are basically module bundlers or simpliy bundlers.

A bundler is a develpoment tool that combines our code files into one single minified file, that is production-ready loadable in the
browser. a greate feature is it generate a dependancy graph as it traverse our first code files. this implies the beginning with the entry 
point specified by us.

Why do we need it?
The module bundlers keep track of the both our source files dependencies and 3rd party dependencies. this dependancy greph guaraentees that
all sources and associated code files are kept uptodate and error free.

3) What is .Parcel-cache?

ans. The .Parcel-cache is a folder stores information about our project when parcel builds it, so that information can be reused while
rebuilding it. So it don't have to rephase ans reanalize everything from scratch. This makes parcel faster in development mode.

4) What is npx?
 ans. Node package execute is a npm pakage runner, it executes npm package without intalling it. npx can even execute npm packages
 from the npm registry even without installing it. 
  npx makes use of CLI tool and executables hosted in the npm registry like create-react-app that don't need to be installedand only 
  need to run once to get started.

5) what is difference between devDependencies and dependecies?

ans. Dependecies: the dependancies that are requiried in the production of your application.
DevDepandencies: the dependancies that are required in the local develpment or testing of your application.

6) what is tree shaking?

ans. Tree shaking is aprocess in JS that removes the ded or unused code in our applictaion by the help of the import and export statement to 
detect if code module are exported and imported for use in between the JS files.
we use bundler to automatically remive dead code while bundling multiple js files into single file.



7) what is hot module replacement?

ans HMR replaces,exchanges and addes modules to the application while it is running without fully reloading the browser.

8) List down any five superpowers of parcel and describe any 3 super powers in your own words?

ans. My favourite 5 superpowers are:
1) Hot Module Replacement.
2) HTTPS on DEV.
3) File Watcher Algorithm.
4) Zero Config.
5) Minification.

2) HTTPS on Dev: sometime we may need HTTPS protocal while developemnt, for testing authentication for a perticular host name etc.,
so parcel provides https. where we can either generate a certificate or use the exsisting one one by providing it.

parcel index.html --https 
or
parcel index.html --cert certificate.cert --key private.key

3) file Watcher Algorithm: To support better develpoment, parcel uses a very fast watchers written in C++ that will watch the 
very low level file of all the operating systems. I will watches the changes in the root file to the nodemodules based on the event changes
and meta data of those files, and determines which file need to be rebuild.

5) Minification: parcel uses minifier of the JS, HTML, CSS and SVG to reduce the file size by removing the white space renaming the 
variables to the shorter names and many other optimizations.

9) what is gitignore file? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans.
Git Ignore is the file used in the GIT to intentionally untract few files which are not unnesscary for our production are to heaviy
commit.

we should include all those file which can auto-generated or regenarated at the production level.

we should never include the files which play crucial role for the code development which will never changes in the production level
and can't be auto-generated.

10) What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
Ans. package.json is a file which is gernerated while intalling the npm. I contains the meta data related to the project.
this file used to give the information to npm about the project and about its dependencies.

I will contains version of the project with ^ and ~, which describes about the package versions along with with accessblity 
for the minor and patch update accessblity.

where as package-lock.josn is same as package.json but it will be more detailed and has the exact version of the packages that are been used
this file will make sure the same version of the packages installed over the different enviroments,by locking the versions of the 
dependecies.

11) Why should I not modify package-lock.json?
Ans. We should never modify package-lock.json, because package-lock.json is only file which keep track of the exact versioning
of the packages that are been used in our project, altering the meta data may causes inconsistacies over the different enviroments.

12) What is node_modules ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
Ans. node_modules is the directory where the dependancies and modules that are used in our project are placed. when we install any 
package it will be downloaded from the web and comes and sits inside the node_modules.

It is not Ideal and bad Idea to push the node_modules into git, as they can heaviy to commit and push, but also they can be easily 
generated at the production end, using npm install cmd.

13) What is the dist folder?
Ans. dist or distribution folder is a dynamically generated folder where after build the production ready minified files are been placed
for serving.

14) What is browserlists?
Ans. Browser list ia tool which is used to specify which kind of browser is supported by your front-end app by specifing the queries
in the config file.